Okay,
guys on.
Welcome back,
the Romans.
So you now have the Greek gods and goddesses down.
Time to move on to the Romans.
Now again,
Your need a 12 point roots.
And is these are the Romans.
You wanna have something Rome ish at this start?
Maybe a gladiator for the Coliseum.
Remember,
Paul's will actually find going too fast.
Let's go.
Jupiter,
King of the gods and God of the sky.
Do you know Queen of the Gods and goddess of Marriage?
Neptune,
God of the Seas.
Siri's goddess of the harvest and agriculture.
Me never goddess of wisdom and knowledge.
Apollo,
God of the sun.
Diana,
goddess of hunting Mars,
God of war.
Venus,
goddess of love Vulcan,
God of Fire Mercury,
God of shopkeepers and commerce.
Bacchus,
God of wine and celebration.
Okay,
got those.
Now let's do a quick review.
King of the gods and God of the Sky.
Who is that?
Jupiter and Queen of the gods and goddess of marriage.
That was Juno,
God of the seas that was Neptune,
goddess of the harvest on agriculture,
Sary's and goddess of wisdom and knowledge.
That was Minova,
God of the sun.
That was Apollo and the goddess of hunting.
That was Diana on the God of War.
Naz on the goddess of love,
Venus and the God of Fire Vulcan on the god of shopkeepers and commerce Mercuri and finally
,
Backus.
What was Bacchus,
the God off?
He was the god of wine and celebration.
Okay,
How did you do?
Remember if you struggled with them and just go back and check your scene for the sake of
completeness here.
So I remember them.
Jupiter.
Jupiter is the largest king of the planets.
Juno.
Juno was T Carrera's character name in true lies.
The rest.
You don't need to know.
Neptune.
There's a fishing chip shot where I I know,
called Neptune on the seas washing out of it sarees.
I have cereal.
That simple Minerva have a very clever Minnie Mouse reading books.
Apollo,
I have Apollo Creed again.
Four.
Diana,
I have Princess Diana with a bow and arrow,
which gives me hunting Mars.
I have a battle with both sides Threw in Mars bars at each other.
Venus,
I have the BOTTICELLI painting the birth of Venus Vulcan.
I have Mr Spark from Star Trek with his ears on fire.
Got a fire.
Mercury.
I have Freddie Mercury running a market store on Bacchus.
I have a very drunk B A Baracus.
Mr T.
Okay,
guys.
Well done.
Next,
we'll have a purely optional lecture.
The Romans,
deep in your knowledge,
I'll see you in the next lecture.